# Changing Configuration Settings

Configuration settings for Intel SecL-DC services can be changed by applying updates to a configmap and executing an appropriate service setup task.

## Changing Service Configurations Using Configmaps

Edit the configmap of respective service to be reconfigured:

```bash
kubectl edit cm cms -n isecl
```
Add or Update all the variables required for setup tasks refer here for more details

Set the SETUP_TASK variable in the service configmap with one or more setup task names 

```yaml
SETUP_TASK: "download-ca-cert,download-tls-cert"
```

Some of the sensitive variables such as credentials, db credentials, tpm-owner-secret must be updated in Kubernetes secrets:

```bash
kubectl get secret -n <namespace> <secret-name> -o json | jq --arg val "$(echo <value> > | base64)" '.data["<variable-name>"]=$val' | kubectl apply -f -
```

For example, updating the AAS_ADMIN_USERNAME in aas-credentials:

```bash
kubectl get secret -n isecl aas-credentials -o json | jq --arg val "$(echo aaspassword | base64)" '.data["AAS_ADMIN_USERNAME"]=$val' | kubectl apply -f -
```

Restart the service by deleting the pod.  The Kubernetes deployment will automatically launch a new pod, which will reflect the updated settings.

```bash
kubectl delete pod -n <namespace> <podname>
```

Reset the configmap by removing SETUP_TASK variable:

```bash
kubectl patch configmap -n <namespace> <configmap name> --type=json -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/data/SETUP_TASK"}]'
```

For example, to clear the SETUP_TASK variable in the CMS configmap:

```bash
kubectl patch configmap -n isecl cms --type=json -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/data/SETUP_TASK"}]'
```

For setup tasks which requires BEARER_TOKEN variable. One must need to update the <service-name>-bearer-token secret. Here are the steps.
  1. Check for the bearer-token secret availaibility for service for which setup task needs to be run, by executing ```kubectl get secrets -n <namespace> ```
  2. Delete already available bearer token secret. ``` kubectl delete secret <service-name>-bearer-token -n <namespace> ``` e.g for hvs  ``` kubectl delete secret hvs-bearer-token -n <namespace> ```  
  3. Generate token using service specific install credentials via REST API 
  4. ``` export BEARER_TOKEN=<token created with step 2> ```
  5. ``` kubectl create secret generic <name> -n <namespace> --from-literal=BEARER_TOKEN=$BEARER_TOKEN Eg: kubectl create secret generic hvs-bearer-token -n <namespace> --from-literal=BEARER_TOKEN=$BEARER_TOKEN ```

Available setup tasks and configuration variable names are provided in later sections.

## Manually Editing Persistent Storage

Configuration settings can also be changed by editing the service `config.yml` file in the persistent storage volume for that service.

For example, if using the provided sample folder structure from the `setup-nfs.sh` script, the CMS configuration will be stored in `/mnt/nfs_share/isecl/cms/config/config.yml`. 

After making any desired configuration changes, delete the pod for that service to make the changes take effect.
